Okay, we are back
live.
Hi. We have a couple cool experiments to
look at.
Oops.
Um, E3B really didn't do anything at
all. Look at that.
That's moderately
disappointing. Let me just add the
uh creator of that
algorithm. I think I can just put the
link in here. Whoops.
What's the time step axis on this
mil. So like 10 bill
Oh, cool. That made us a
um a cart ball. That's nice.
probably box
2D you'd have to do the math
right. Okay, so these experiments didn't
work, but I think these ones
did. Yeah, that's pretty
cool. Yeah, that's very cool.
So,
okay. It's not this
one. It's a slow
one. Just add
[Music]
Y axis is important.
A lot of these up
here. Some of these down
here. It's not at zero though. It does
better above zero from what I can see.
Right.
That means it's doing
something.
So, it does best at
two, which is a little
weird. Does significantly worse at
four. Okay.
Loch.
Yeah, the loss is very very
low. Just a little
odd. Okay.
Um, it's kind of funny that we have this
one. I want to see what this one is
first.
This
is
23729. So here on these
charts, what do we get?
It's still going up as
well. 7
E7
mil. It's funny that this wasn't able to
be replicated. We just have this one
really good
run. And let's see what the params are.
And maybe
uh you know, maybe we get something with
this.
Maybe there's something to
this. It's funny that they're only two
though. This at 8 m.
corpse. It actually set this to zero,
which is
interesting. This is negative
one. And then it set this one.
Just copy
this. Let
it. So, what do we have here? We've got
a batch size
131. This BPT horizon went up to
32. It's consistent with a lot of what
we've seen
lately. Clip
co. Uh oh, that's a little awkward that
we still have that in there.
But let's just
do it's interesting that the loss
coefficients that
high and this as
well.
Okay. Entropy
coefficient
A1
lambda
gamma. That means it's giving longer
horizons.
Interesting. Learning rate is actually
very similar to what it was before.
Grad Norm is getting
swept and he baptized
sense
bandage. Yeah. So, uh, this one actually
does something.
This algorithm actually does
something, but we're not quite sure what
yet. And this is 70
mil. 70 mil. It's actually did it in far
fewer time
steps. Let's see if it's anything
interesting.
Oh, you also need this.
1.3 ml
SPS on this config.
Okay. So, that's a bit concerning. This
is nowhere near where it was on
the
original. I mean, it's not a bad run,
but it's nowhere near the original. The
original is
like right
Yeah, up to
100. So, let's see if we figure out
maybe I missed some hypers.
That looks
fine. It does look
fine. Maybe I missed something in
training.
Ah, right
here. Interesting. That makes such a
huge difference.
Let's see if it does reproduce now.
Oh
yeah, look at that.
Freaking 100
score. Average lifespan
Uh, well, it's calculated per
snake. So, the
optimizer. The
heck? Where's me about loading
[__] on here?
34.
Oh yeah, right here. That's hardcoded.
It's fine.
I mean, that looks really damn good.
Holy, this one just
like perfectly pathed and saved
itself. That's cool.
That's
awesome. Let me see if I can even make
it better.
I mean, that's like Yeah, that's
impressive. Let me crank up total time
steps for a second.
That's about
That does look Yeah, it's actually
pretty hard to train a good snake model
because you get a directional bias in a
lot of the rugs. It's very difficult to
get a run in which um you don't end up
with like all the snakes on one side of
the
map. So I imagine that's probably what
um what the archive is doing in this
case.
What's the
TLDDR? You uh you add a per episode one
hot vector.
That's like in this case it's literally
just adding 01 or 10 O and then you're
training a discriminator on that uh that
has to recognize what that initial one
half vector is. So essentially you're
adding something to the odds and then
the agent has to behave in a way such
that you can tell which policy it came
from. Okay. So this doesn't do any
better than the original. Though it is
nice and stable which is cool to see. It
is actually like a stable
100. Maybe it's a little better
actually. It might be a little
better. Yeah, I hear a
bot. I train the bots in this
channel. That's freaking cool.
It's funny though that the max archive
size is
two. What if I do four?
It's also funny that this one run is
like so much better than the other
ones. Max score for this. I have no
idea. It just depends how tightly the
snakes are packed together.
Yeah, it's funny. This point's way up
here. I mean, to be fair, a lot of the
others are still at like 90 plus.
Yeah, it only gets to 70 if you give it
up an archive size of
four. That's funny.
Okay, let's see if we can actually see
what the different policies do.
Okay, so we have these
guys. Even these ones seem evenly
distributed though.
These ones seem more directionally
biased.
Yeah, they're getting stuck a little in
the bottom corner though. They don't
just run into the wall.
Okay. I mean, this is
interesting. Does it break it completely
if you zero this? Hang on. Let me just
do this.
Don't even break
it.
Funny. Very funny.
doesn't look like it does. At least I
can't see any visual distinction between
them. We'd have to do like a proper
eval.
Um, but I definitely have seen, you
know, on some of the lower quality
models like that. Um, when I was testing
this yesterday, I did it with an archive
size of four or eight or whatever, and
you could see that they would go in
different directions based on this
vector.
It's a slightly fiddly method,
but yeah, it's pretty cheap. It's a
little annoying to add because you have
to like inject stuff into the OB space
and there's an extra loss to optimize
and such, but it's pretty
decentish. I think really what we need
to do though is um we need M's like
Impulse Wars and like Neuralarmm MMO and
MOA and we need to have
uh we really need to have it to the
point where we're training and
evaluating on much more complex
ends and yeah we need just there's you
know we need some help on the science
side for that honestly. So, I'm very
happy to get you involved with that as
soon as you have impulse
wars all
together. And then Spencer after he's
done with GPU drive potentially as
well as there's core RL work to be
done.
Okay. I mean, this is some progress.
I'm trying to think now like the highest
priority
stuff players in a match.
It really depends.
It's
um it's more dependent on like whether
the env has many valid different play
styles.
And there's so much stuff I need to do
here.
I mean, I could make like there are
potentially improvements I could make to
it, but I'm not going to know until we
get more experiments running on
different ends. Right? So, this is the
the important thing is we need to just
have we need to be running more
hyperprogram sweeps and more experiments
on more of our ends.
It's just like the stuff we're doing is
good. It just we need more of
it. Frankly, the new algorithm is the
thing that I'm still not sure about the
um the new advantage function stuff.
Maybe I should look at that real quick.
set all of them
to. There are ones of these that are
better. Hang on, let me
see. Let me sort
these. Cost less than 200.
Yeah. So, the best runs don't use any
form of normalization
here. There are some over here that
still
can. Interesting.
Let's look at the best runs. Here's our
paro
front. Clump is at 140 seconds, I think,
for
this, which is nowhere near as good as
Where's our fast one?
Oh, no. Good with this one.
This
one right
here. So
here we can do
This is cost less than
200. See what this comes up with. Okay.
So, this is the burrito front here. Then
here we'll do cost less than 100.
Oops. Is this the right
one? No, it's not. Okay, this is
Okay. See this is 100 here. This one is
I say 150. Okay. No, this is correct.
I'd say
so
sample. What do we get for learning
rate? Like O5.
Yeah, similar. We have stuff in that
range.
O5. Okay. And then we get like gamma and
lambda for this one.
We get
entropy. Where's
entropy? Yeah, entropy is pretty
flexible. We have it lower over here.
Hang on. What
is Why do we have this as a a thing?
Now this has P30
off
that. This one has P30
off.
Okay. Well, that's concerning.
Oh,
this. Yeah, this is
on. Okay. So, I guess I didn't actually
then test
correctly the uh the puff
sweep. That's very weird.
That also tells me though that there
isn't there is not a
gap uh in Perf
either. There really isn't a
gap. Oops. Is dev somewhat I just saw
your messages overlaid on the white. Is
dev somewhat stable? I tried to run
impulse
force and hit a lot of
errors working. Start sweeping. Uh it's
somewhat stable for sure.
I' yeah I'd say it's somewhat
stable like if you try to use our new
stuff right like some of the new
algorithms require policy
changes so if you want to play with like
P30 or DI like diversity all you need
like they require policy signature
changes which is why they're such a
I just want to like officiate something
real quick is that I I was literally
just looking at data that's the same
between these two runs and like
wondering what's different and it
literally seems
like this one here, this best sweep just
figured out a better batch size, right?
This one just figured out how to do 8192
mini back and then this one didn't.
Right.
Yeah. Oh no, it has the same mini batch.
Hang on. Then what happened?
800k 2
mil. Mostly 800k mini batch
though. These are the faster
ones. This is out
here. Could just be
that. Not enough points here
though.
130k update
epox 2k maybe.
Yeah, no 2Ks.
Okay, I think that if anything, the uh
improvements to P30 or not P30 to uh
protein are going to have to be in the
sampling of these
categoricals. Errors I was getting made
it seem like I'd update policy entry.
Are they actually optional? Yes, they
should be optional.
But if you enable E3B or if you enable
di like diversity all you need then you
shouldn't then they won't be optional.
So you need to like not have those on.
If you show me the errors I can take a
look at them with you now or
whenever. I can hop in Discord if you
need. No big deal. We can just fix stuff
with you.
Sounds
good.
Yeah. I mean, on one hand, I don't want
you to just be working on rendering
stuff forever. On the other hand, it's
probably cool stuff for you to learn.
And uh also, it's like it is really
worth it to make your ends look cool.
Technically, by the way, we have another
N that like we have never used because
uh it's like almost done, but the guy
didn't just finish Perf optimizing it
ever. Um, which is this Tactics M. This
is a really cool M, right? You have like
it's based on like old CRPGs.
So, this would need like enemy AI and
like speed polish, and we could actually
use this, which would be
cool. But I think we're going to be
doing more stuff on more complex MS
going
forward as soon as we get stuff stable.
Did he write that? Yes, he
did. It's not that
long. It's way shorter than Impulse
force. I think it's like 1500 lines.
It's based on uh an MMO we both used to
play. Really
cool. I'd love to get like Noah
finishing
you know, the trading card game.
Hopefully, Tusen will eventually PR, you
know, the Robocode stuff and we'll have
all these MS to play
with, more complex and interesting
MS plus in both wars plus GPU drive,
right?
Yeah. Well, I mean honestly the main
barrier is just like we need more
experimental side and research side
worked on on making this stuff work nice
and
stable. So then we can be doing
that. All right, I'm going to take a
quick call. I'm going to hop off stream
and then I'm going to get some exercise
and do some other stuff. So, uh, thanks
for, uh, watching, folks.
And all my stuff is on
puffer.ai. So, if you're interested,
start the repo, join the Discord, and
follow X for more. I'll be back
streaming probably this evening. Uh, I
do have a